okay I'm going back going back this is
an Israeli checkpoint in the occupied
West
Bank a sign of Israel's military control
over the territory since
1967 more than 3 million Palestinians
here face about 700 different obstacles
to their freedom of movement including
checkpoints roadblocks and Gates there's
no other way to call it but part it's
not only a human rights organization I
mean anyone who looks at the situation
on the ground knows it is
aparte rights organizations say
Palestinians are denied basic civil
rights including that of freedom of
assembly Association and
expression the Oslo Accords signed in
Washington DC in
1993 were supposed to bring about
Palestinian
self-determination the Accords divided
the West Bank into areas a b and c
area C exclusively for Israelis
constitutes about 60% of the West Bank
and that figure is growing there are up
to 34 of a million Israeli settlers
living in about 250 settlements in
violation of international
law they openly carry weapons often
intimidating attacking and harassing
Palestinians to displace them from their
lands children in the occupied West Bank
are also
targeted Israel is the only country in
the world to prosecute children in
military
courts meanwhile UNICEF says 2023 was
the worst year on record in which
soldiers killed 124
children the UN special rur an
independent expert responsible for
monitoring human rights in the occupied
territories was recently barred from
entering Israel
franches albanesi says that's been
happening for the last 16 years by
refusing me entry Israel is abusing of
its powers as an occupying power so as
long as it Remains the occupying power
in the West Bank the Gaza Strip and in
Jerusalem Israel needs to conform with
the rules of the United Nations recent
comments by Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu point to a doubling
down on its continued military
occupation
I will not compromise on full Israeli
security control of all territory west
of the Jordan River my insistence is
what has prevented over the years the
establishment of a Palestinian
State Israeli raids happen nightly now
nearly 400 Palestinians including more
than a 100 children have been killed in
the occupied West Bank since Israel's
war on Gaza began in October Mike leppel
Al jazer
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jazer